Resolves #2025 (#2206)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/printmanagement/Add-Printer.md

Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
> The cmdlet is not run.
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > The WhatIf switch doesn’t work if **ConnectionName** parameters set is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The WhatIf switch does not work with this cmdlet.
```
In other repos I was suggested to add a simple sentence like this one in the cmdlets that WhatIf doesn't work. Also, Get-Help won't show correctly the note.

Author: But here it does not work only in a specific parameter set. For the other one it works, I have tested it.

Reviewer 3: We could leave the current description proposed by @velkovb as he tested it is only happening for a specific param set but remove the note tag...?

Reviewer 2: Agree, it's very strange.

Author: @dariomws Otherwise, I was looking at your PRs on the topic and almost had it committed when I did a quick test and found out it is different.

Author: @get-itips @dariomws What do you think about moving the notes in the NOTES section of the article?

Reviewer 3: That could be a possibility... @dariomws ?

Reviewer 2: @velkovb @get-itips like it! If it's something critical maybe it's not the best option, but in this case, I think it's perfect.

> > The WhatIf switch doesn’t work if **ConnectionName** parameters set is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the WhatIf switch doesn’t work if the **ConnectionName** parameters set is used.
```

Reviewer: My suggestion.
